all right folks welcome back
this is going to be episode 24
of the continuing series of the free ict
mentorship
on youtube for 2022.
all right so i want to kind of like sit
you down for a minute get your attention
because if you don't have the proper
mindset for this one this could be taken
out of context
and viewed in the light that is not
really my aim
okay
so i want you to think about
why are you even watching these videos
are you trying to learn
are you just entertaining yourself or
are you here
to try to be disruptive because if
you're trying to be disruptive
i don't have any time for that so i want
you to understand what i'm going to show
in this video this is not going to be
a repeating theme i just want to let the
foundation be laid here
if i see any comments that are
either disrespectful
or just
meant to stir up
chaos and and create a ruckus
i'm just gonna
ban you from the town and your post
won't appear okay
the comment section is open
you guys said i don't open the comments
up i've been opening them up all the
mentorship videos are open okay
i use your comments to
steer the future direction of the
lessons
i try to incorporate things that you may
have asked or shown a concern about
respectfully
if this is not for you
then obviously you can go watch tom dick
and harry go play in market replay okay
that's fine but here
i'm teaching you things that actually
work in the live markets i'm not
pulling some strings that to make you
feel like you you're learning something
that is a gimmick this is real market
delivery those of you that are really
sincere about learning obviously you
have a lot of work ahead of you
and we are in the development stages
early on in this mentorship so that
means you have to understand that this
is the
discovery
where you see this pattern you're
supposed to be going back through the
data in your old charts
not trading
not even demo trading
okay
you're looking for this pattern through
back testing
now some of you have asked to do a back
testing
episode i will do
a back testing episode okay
but
i want you to understand you have to
have the proper mindset here you have to
be responsible
you have to be
attentive and you have to listen
so the things i'm teaching the things
i'm saying suggesting to you
you have to make them
applicable to your own journey you can't
just watch and think okay i've seen him
do this
a few times in a video i understand it
so i'm gonna go out there and try to do
it
so i i want you to understand in light
of that
idea or
direction that some of you want to take
just know that that's not the proper way
of doing it okay
so some of you are unaware that this is
the other part of
the ict experience so when i'm
communicating to community here
not only am i doing it in the
comment section
very very rarely
but i also talk
on the community posts and if you go on
the youtube go to my youtube channel
and
click on this little area right here
you'll see it it's kind of like my
twitter
like my
update area sometimes i'll prompt you to
look at certain charts
or i'll
encourage you
give you ideas to think about you know
where you are in your journey
and sometimes i'll share a youtube
channel for a specific video
it's not meant for you to be able to
talk to me here
but you can obviously say anything you
want in the comment section just know
that if it's something that's
disrespectful you can say whatever you
want on your last post
okay because i'll just make you
invisible you won't be here anymore and
you can keep creating accounts and i
don't care it just takes one little
click of a button for me you got to go
through the whole overcoming row of
email addresses and all that business
and you know
i don't get tired of clicking hitting
ban i don't get tired of doing it it's
really easy in fact it's fun
but this area here
is the other segment of the mentorship
so
with that in mind
i made this post a little while ago
and today's date is may 5th 2022 and i
know some of you try to remind me to
make
these posts with the date
and i just don't i don't remember it so
i'm used to doing twitter and twitter
used to do a time and date stamp all the
time
it's just i'm a
creature of habit like anybody else i
don't really think about it when i'm
doing it
but i made this post this morning
i said good morning constant reader
i know right that fomc was pretty neat
huh
now try this one
open your nasdaq 15-minute chart and
e-mini s p 15-minute charts
drop a horizontal line across those
smooth criminal highs in both index i'll
explain what that is in a moment
see how we dropped into a discount
overnight study how they treat those
relative equal highs today and
non-farm payroll friday
as you were so i'm encouraging all of
you to open up your charts and interact
okay because some of you just want to
watch my videos and that's it and think
it's going to translate from just
watching and then now you know how to do
it no you got to get in and study it
so i prompted everyone to look at their
chart this is kind of like what i was
drawing your attention to now as one
caveat here that little blue arrow
that is me drawing the specific so that
way we know what we're talking about
here where my
attention was
really drawn in on this
i'm watching this i got that little
bubble there that little gap right there
i'm watching and i'm waiting for that to
drop down
at 9 30. that's that little
judas swing okay i'm waiting for that
judas swing to happen where it drops
down at 9 30. if it goes into that area
there and then it creates displacement
then it looks for a fair value guy and
if it trades back down into a fair value
gap inside that displacement
then i can go long and i'll look for a
run into that 4303 okay
i did not
tell my mentorship
last night that i wanted to do this very
thing here
but
if i was going to tell my mentorship
anything
this is what i would have said
okay i would like to see it drop down
into that area and then create the model
that i'm teaching here on the youtube
channel
now
read what it says here it says you are
studying
this
and i am watching
okay
pray tell does this
in any manner whatsoever
suggest
in any
manner at all
that any of you should be buying or
selling this
no it doesn't
for years i've been asked to do live
sessions i've been asked to trade live
in front of people
okay
the number one reason why i have
refrained from doing it
is what we're going to talk about next
because
responsibility is lacking
predominantly across
all countries
all age
and demographics it's simply something
that most people in trading lack okay
now it's going to be very easy for me to
sit in front of a chart and say this is
what i think is going to happen i think
it might go up to this level or go down
to that level
that is not a trade idea that's just
bias it's logic
that's the extent
that's the extent of what i'm gonna do
in the live sessions
the reason why i already said that in
the beginning and i didn't change gears
because of what i'm gonna talk about
tonight but this is important
okay mindset is absolutely crucial if
you young guys and gals in here are
already bored
do yourself a favor
turn
this video off don't ever watch another
video by me
because you're going to cheat yourself
from the absolute best prevention
of ruin
if you continuously try to just watch my
videos
pay
intermittent attention
and then think you're going to glean any
real understanding because this is
highly technical i have simplified it
and you're going to see
two very simplified approaches to what
i'm trying to teach so that way i can
get right to the point but
these are the parts
that cause people that don't want to
listen
they don't want to pay the attention to
the things i'm teaching you
these are the parts that will hurt you
if you don't understand it
do you want to succeed
because to succeed you need this part
not the little patterns not the little
things i can draw on a chart that stuff
that's the smallest part of it
how you think about yourself what you
think you're capable of doing
and the management and observation and
respect of risk
is going to determine what your success
is going to be
i wish i could grab you by your lapels
and just shake you and say listen this
is the part you need to learn
it's not full of lamborghinis
it's not full of patek philippe
watches and flossing in front of
everybody
i talk to you this way because i
genuinely care about your success
that's all that's all i want you to be
able to do is take this information the
logic
and do well with it
i'm not trying to bore you or burn
through minutes just for the sake of
hearing myself talk i want you to
understand
and some of you simply don't want to
listen
have to be a critical thinker
i'm training you to be a critical
thinker
i'm going to give you two examples
tonight of
what critical thinking is not
all right this individual here it was in
the comment section
okay
and this is
the poster child
for why i do not sit in front of people
and trade with
entry stop targets i don't do that
because invariably
someone's going to take something i'm
doing
or saying
or applying to a chart
and they're going to do something with
live funds
and they're going to come out and say
just lost a thousand thanks a lot
now i don't know who this person is this
person may not have actually taken a
trade and lost money this person may be
a troll this person may be a genuinely
sincere individual
at this point i don't care
but i want to highlight this is the very
thing folks this is it this is the thing
that prevented me all these years to sit
in front of all of you and entertain you
with trading
because someone's going to do something
and when they do something
by their own actions
and it's painful for them if they lose
money
guess whose fault that is
because it's not mine
it's the person that lost the money
listen
everything i teach here
is under the guise of
demo and paper trading
that's compliance
i don't give trade advice
i can talk about where the market's
going to go i can give my opinion about
that market opinions that's not trade
advice it's the same logic the same idea
in the same
language
that all of my paid mentorship students
sign an agreement and they give me
indemnity they know going in that
everything i'm saying is
under the pretense of demo
and paper trading and you can't make
money with demo trading but guess what
you can't do either you can't lose money
either
so it gives you that freedom to think
about what you're doing
without the tug of war of making and
losing money
some of you
in here are so high strung and so
impatient that you just want to go out
there and say okay
i'm going to watch this video i'm going
to get a hint from ict like i'm giving
you some kind of secret language for
signal service and i say this stuff to
my own paid mentorship i said it for six
years every time there was a new group
coming in
they know there is no new group coming
in and stop listening to these yahoos
out there saying that i'm gonna start
another mentorship and i'm gonna sell
i'm not selling no more mentorships
folks
because of this kind of stuff okay i'm
not doing it
so
whether this person lost a thousand
dollars
or didn't i don't care
that right there is why i have prevented
myself
saying no i'm not going to do it because
i know there's going to be a lot of you
out here that are going to hurt yourself
because you're not ready none of you
should be trading this model with live
funds we haven't even gotten through all
of the content or the the process of
what it is you're doing with it
today you're getting another piece of it
but this is the crucial part this is the
stuff
the boring stuff the things that you
don't want to listen to the things that
you want to go through the people that
want to come in here later on and say
here's a minute marker when he starts
really teaching and you want to avoid
the crap i will delete your posts if you
do stuff like that it's disrespectful
not only to me but the other viewers
because you're
really taking their attention away from
what is the real lesson
you're all entitled to your opinion but
if your opinion is disruptive or
disrespectful i won't let it post
now you can disagree respectfully and
those posts stay on the comment section
but nonsense that's meant to start a
ruckus
your channel will be blocked
then you have folks like this
who cannot be taught
now again this could be a troll this
could be someone that didn't really take
a trade today because really the logic
as i'm going to prove tonight
really wasn't in the marketplace today
for this model
and it can't be argued there's no way
you're going to be able to say
that what i posted this morning is lined
up with any of the logic that this model
uses
so
again
this person
may have done something foolish
or maybe they're just here to
troll
that's fine it doesn't matter because
the posts that were made even after this
indicate that the person's really not
properly
prepared to learn how to do this and or
really not interested in learning so
they're going to get removed
they may come back in another form but
any disrespectful comment will be
removed
this
statement right down here at the bottom
highlighted take accountability for your
actions
if you're taking trades
number one you gotta take it you gotta
take accountability for your actions
those are your actions i didn't reach
through the screen i didn't go to your
house i didn't go to your apartment i
didn't meet you at your job and press
your cell phone to get you into a trade
in fact i didn't tell you anybody about
a trade i said study
watch i'm watching this
okay
that is not indications that's not
instructions to buy or sell anything
so don't get caught up in all this
frenzy to be pushing any buttons yet
because none of you know what you're
doing
all right i appreciate your patience
getting through that how to get it off
my chest
and i promise i won't do it again
because it's already been done here
just know that if you act like those
individuals
i won't see your posts
all right so
may s p we won't cover tonight but it's
kind of similar to what this is showing
here but the e-mini nasdaq 100 features
june contract delivery month
2022 this is a daily chart
and
i felt that
this morning we could have
popped through
stabbed above these relative equal highs
right in here and then created this run
lower that's kind of like what i was
prompting study that because if it
happens
you can see and study and back test now
that the market's already moved you can
go back in and look and see if the model
in fact did
what i teach
now
this is actually a good lesson because
it shows where i'm looking for something
to form
but it doesn't form it doesn't create a
losing trade it doesn't get me into
something that causes me to
buy it when there really isn't
an entry pattern there
this is the
proof the evidence that the model has
validity so if you have a valid
reasonable
sound logic behind the model whatever
model that is
then it should prevent you from taking
bad trades not all the time but
sometimes when there is a really big
move going the other direction that you
don't see or expect
it may do its job and keep you from
getting into those bad traits
and i'll show you the logic here today i
want you to be a critical thinker okay
think about what i've already taught
about this model
in the comment section below
if you think that this model appeared
based on what i showed in that community
post say so
if you don't think that this model
appeared based on what i showed then say
so as well
also i'd appreciate if you would include
in your post where are you all from
folks like i want to get like a a broad
range view of how far i'm reaching i
know i got a lot of people in different
countries but all you just tell me what
country you're from you don't have to be
specific with your address or social
security number i'm not that interested
but i would like to know you know where
everyone's from
but here's the logic with that one hour
chart and that relative equal high
so this is the framework i'm looking for
a run above here if it can get above
that then what it could
wash out and go lower
why would that be possible in terms of
a
pattern or a setup or the logic what
would be
the catalyst for that what like what was
the reasoning for you being interested
in these relative equal highs number one
it's thursday
it's thursday and it's ahead of non-farm
payroll friday now nine farm payroll
friday is usually a volatile day it can
be messy it can be sloppy sometimes it's
just a really just a dud it doesn't
really do anything
other days it could be extremely
volatile like the fomc but because fomc
has done what it's done
i don't think that the non-farm payroll
numbers is going to have that much
impact
but
i was looking for
these relative equal highs to be taken
out
then
drop lower than create the model that
i'm teaching so that's why it's kind of
drawing your attention to them so that
way if it did present that you can have
something to study
now
what's the catalyst that sets the run up
into those relative equal highs i'm
going to talk about that now
much like i was suggesting in that post
we had dropped down
into a discount
i posted ahead of the 9 30 opening where
equities open up and that
volatility that comes around 9 30 i want
to see some kind of a manipulation in
price so if our focus and i was trying
to get your attention up here if our
focus is up there and it's dropping down
and it's ahead of 9 30 what are we
likely to see
drop down get traders thinking it's
going to go lower
and then rally up not just go down
indiscriminately and then go higher it's
got to do something specific
i'm interested in this area right here
that's what i posted in that community
post saying i'm watching this and that
was that little area right here
for all of these
videos that i've been posting it's very
specific i'm teaching fair value that
that fair value gap is right there okay
so dropping down into that that would be
a point of interest for me so that i can
go in and look for something that gives
me my setup so in other words this here
is just
where
the trade might form
hear what i just said
where the trade might
it could
it may
not it's absolutely going to
this is a promise there's no way this
can fail because that logic doesn't
exist in trading except for over
leverage and
over trade you're gonna blow your
account that's
a guarantee okay
but that fair value gap that's the place
in terms of price where should the
pattern form
by itself it's just price but we have to
incorporate what element first
algorithmically it's time
so i'm teaching you elements of time at
that 9 30.
we're expecting some volatility
dropping down into that area here
which at this point at the chart it
doesn't do yet
so i'm looking for it to drop down into
that area if it does then i'm going to
be looking for what i teach you in this
model
so with that area shaded
right here
this is a 15 minute chart you can see we
traded down into it
the candle stopped right at the old
candle high
and the next candle just gave up the
ghost
right away
we should notice that we did have the
initial criteria which is trading below
an old low
so what's going to be resting below that
cell stops
so they go down run out the sell stops
traders are caught in
then what what's the next logic we got
to look for displacement it's got to
trade back above
this old low it's got to have
displacement above that
did it happen here
no
here is a five minute chart
now if you're looking at this with that
same low here it trades down below it
did we get displacement above that oh
low
no
it just went down consolidated returned
back to it
but melted didn't do anything above that
oh low there was no displacement no
energetic move so that way you can look
for a fair value gap to trade back down
into the buy
so
anyone that would have looked at this
and bought today
is not using what i'm teaching they're
just impulsively pushing a button and if
they lost money
you have to fault yourself for that
i'm not the good i'm not going to be the
target for all of you that fail
don't listen and want to gamble and when
it doesn't work for you because you took
a guess you took a stab at it you just
wanted to see what was going to happen
and you lose money
you can never do that with me even my
paid mentorships
those students they can't do any of that
either
because i never tell them to go into
anything and buy or sell anything
nothing
i'm not going to co-sign your financial
ruin it ain't going to happen
none of this can be placed on me the
responsibility is solely on you the
viewer
and it's
a lot of responsibility and some of you
simply are not going to be able to do
this
not because it doesn't work but because
you are not responsible you don't have
any self-control
you don't want to listen you don't want
to have any rules
in those rules
look at it like this folks
in the videos
i'll suggest folks hey look pause the
video here study it so that way you can
really look for it before it's revealed
there's a lot of people they make jokes
and say i'm not going to pull i'm not
going to pause the video
i promise you if they're sincere in
their response saying that i promise you
they will not learn this okay it will
not happen because they're showing
a
a trait that is simply
not conducive for success in doing this
business so it doesn't work like that
it's not easy it's not netflix and chill
it's
ict and study your ass off okay that's
the way it is and it takes a lot of
logic that you have to adhere to
and you have to break yourself
there's a lot of things you're going to
try to do impulsively if you do them
here and it works for you you make
profits you're going to be in here in
the comments section high fiving me yeah
we're killing ict style
when in fact you just got lucky
because then the next time you take
another trade impulsively
you're going to want to fault me
you're going to say you weren't around
when i posted that comment this morning
i spent the day with my wife i haven't
seen her for a week
and i'm not obligated to babysit anybody
through a community post
i don't even do that with my mentorship
that pay me
okay so
again it's all about responsibility
and i'm placing
the logic in your hands it's up to you
to go through the charts see if it fits
you if it doesn't fit you folks there's
a lot of other ways to trade
there's lots of ways to trade you don't
need to trade my way okay
i'm biased i believe mine's the best
i believe i can outperform anybody in
any style of trading and i can do it
consistently
will that translate to you no
but i'm saying and promising that you're
going to learn how to read price better
than you ever imagined
it's worth the investigation
look into it see if it doesn't hold up
but don't do things outside the rules
i'm giving you
and that's why i teach this way slow
incremental pieces
because invariably
you're going to do things impulsively if
you lack self-control if you don't have
self-control you're going to blow up
and folks listen there's nothing worse
than thinking you understand something
in a rush
and then go out there and trade with
live funds and blow the account
it hurts
it's painful it sucks
and it's easy to say oh it's that guy
that wasn't there to tell me what's
really going on you know if he would
have told me
this or that i wouldn't have lost money
no
because
i'm never putting any of my students in
a position where they have to be
handheld
through a trade
they're putting their self in that if
they did it at all
and they gotta get themselves out of it
that teaches responsibility
and you have to own those results good
or bad they're yours
and that's why i tell everybody when
they find success in this and they like
to say hey it was
it was all credit to you ict you know
without you i couldn't have done this
wrong
the only thing i did
was show you how to read price i did not
sit with you and push a button
so if you took on that risk
if you sat through the learning and
worked through all the back testing and
studying and forward testing demoing and
producing a track record that you can
feel confident in then and only then
with the time that you choose not when i
say so because i never tell anybody with
live funds in fact right now i'm
reminded don't trade with life funds
when you make that decision should you
ever do so
you've done it on your own accord
so if you make money
whose success really is that
it's yours
and it's well deserved
never
ever
champion me for your success
now you can thank me for helping you
with the logic but i didn't help you
make money
and just this well i did not help you
lose it either
those buttons getting pushed
you push them
and you have to sleep with yourself
knowing that that's the results that you
provided
and there it is
you live with it and if it's
a bad taste in your mouth
swallow
it's the way it is
it's bitter medicine but it's good for
you you'll learn from it or it'll take
you out of the business and that might
be the best thing for you
if you can't stick to the rules
this game has a funny way of taking you
right out of it
the people that are consistently
profitable
it's not by luck
and they're not stupid
they have a logic they adhere to
they have rules that they trade with
and they have to stick to them when they
deviate from them or do something
outside of what that role-based strategy
is
then
it's reasonable to expect ruin or loss
and those moments are most painful
because you can look back and say this
is not what i should have done
that's what i shared that other guy
corbs video about
i'm sure he has a strategy
but for whatever reason
from his commentary he suggested that he
just lost control of himself and started
doing things that made no sense
anybody that's ever traded with life
funds knows exactly what that means
if anybody has ever treated life funds
they understand what that man was saying
i know i've done it a lot in the 90s
i know exactly what he was talking about
but it feels like it's never going to
work and you just want to pick yourself
up
you're going to have losing trades folks
okay
in your journal right now today with
today's date
make a promise to yourself write it out
i promise
that as long as i'm doing this i'm going
to endure losses
notice i said indoor
you're not going to be defeated by those
losses
you're just going to have to endure them
because trading is all about
managing losing trades
you got to trade your way out of a
losing trade every single time you get
into market every single trade as soon
as you start off you're under the
commission you're under the spread in
forex
you got to come out of that
every trader is a losing trader that
finds success
out of loss
or
suffers ruin
in it
that's it that's the only two things
that can happen
all right so now let's talk a little bit
about the model and give you a little
bit more details and i probably feel
like i beat you up and you're like man
this is depressing this is not what i
was hoping to hear
i promise it was good stuff for you okay
now i want to talk about where do these
setups form
so in your journal
this is like a subtitle area for this
video
where do
setups form
okay think about that for a minute
when you're looking for this idea that
i'm sharing the fair value got where
would you expect them
to appear in price obviously i've been
teaching you
to run above an old high or relative
equal highs and if you're bearish that
would set up a scenario where the market
goes up
sweeps the highs
breaks back down below the highs
short-term lows taken out with
displacement and then you go back
through that displacement leg looking
for a fair value guy to short into
that's pretty simple logic isn't it well
visually i want you to understand it
okay so that way in your mind i do this
exercise all the time with my students
can you draw out with a diagram like if
you were at work and you're trying to
explain to your friend or co-worker what
it is you're looking for in price now
they're not going to understand what
you're doing but
how would you draw it out in price or in
a napkin with a pen or pencil what would
it look like
well you have obviously a level
of relative equal highs and we're just
going to use that green line as an
example of that
and price is moving towards it
small little correction or so
it runs
towards it again
and then finally it runs through those
relatively highs okay at that moment as
soon as it goes above it you start
panning back through
all this price running here and find the
nearest
short term low
because that right there is going to be
your trigger
it's not that it goes above this old
relative equal high and then goes down
below that that's not it folks
that's not it you have to see it go
below that and displacement with the
energetic move
take out a short term low
that's how you filter out these trades
that may not be
high probability
so that area right there as soon as you
run above the relative equal highs in
your mind you're looking for where's the
trigger
because until it takes out that short
term low
there's nothing going on
there's no trade there there's no set up
there
then when there's displacement that
displacement leg and price action
that right there is your foundation to
the setup that's it once you have that
then you can go into that area
and look for the fair value guy
that's the logic
that's the pattern that's what you're
looking for this is if it's bearish now
if those relative equal highs would have
been traded through this morning
i would have expected this scenario
okay
before
it ran those relative equal highs
i was looking for
like down here
price was trading down into that area i
was showing you my interest today i'm
watching this where it was likely to go
down to
this is kind of like the low in my mind
i'm kind of using it as an example
what i was expecting price to do once it
got down into that fair value gap that i
was saying i'm watching this that little
arrow okay i showed that little gap i
was expecting this type of movement to
set up the run above those relative
equal highs but there was no movement
here to set up that run either
so
two scenarios that i would have loved to
seen
develop just did not pan out it just
simply wasn't there
now i'm going to teach you another
approach and this is kind of like what i
was expecting and
had it panned out this morning if it
would have gave the real setup which it
did not i've already shown that that
little fair value gap that i was waiting
to see a response in it didn't do it
just melted right through it
but if it would have done
this but this is going to be the cell
version okay just reverse it for the
going long idea
if you have a old fair value gap above
you
okay so you have an old fair value you
got and the market's below it and it's
trading up
and you're bearish but you think it's
going to go up that fair value gap the
same logic when it trades up to the
relative equal highs
once it trades into
that fair value gap
it doesn't have to completely close it
if it trades up into it
anywhere between here and here is good
okay
it trades above it you can really make
it simple and say okay the low of the
fair value got treat that like the same
logic that you use for the relative
equal highs
doesn't that make it simple and easy
that way you don't have to worry about
how hard do i need to know you don't
need to know that
because you're waiting for something to
happen what is that
once it takes out the low of the fair
value gap and trades in there you go
back through that leg and see okay
here's what there's that trigger
that's that shift in the market
structure you're waiting for then you
have the displacement leg
so once you have that you can go back in
and look for the fairway
okay so
that's the two entry strategies
for this model
there's no
other way of worrying about what does it
look like this now visually this is what
you're doing okay it's simple if it
feels like it's not simple watch this
part of the video a couple times and
then go back and look at price action in
live data and in old back testing go
back and look at old moves and you'll
see this logic is there okay
it's algorithmic it repeats
unfortunately today it didn't give me
the setup to allow myself to sit down
with you tonight and say okay this is
what i did because i was going to trade
it okay i was going to enter at the low
run the highs go short and write it down
that way too i was going to do it
but
nothing panned out
it didn't mean that the models broke it
doesn't mean that the models broke it
doesn't mean that i can't find winning
trades it just means that the market did
not provide the structure to allow this
to form
does it result in a losing trade no
because the logic wasn't utilized that
would have put me in a losing trade
it never formed
this right here reverse the logic here
apply it that's the homework apply this
logic here
does this appear
in the fair value that i was drawing
your attention to this morning on the
community post
no
and no one can manipulate and say it was
it just wasn't there folks
so
it's just a missed move and there's
nothing you can do about it
except for beat yourself up and say oh i
wish i woulda coulda shoulda
and that stuff doesn't make you money
and it doesn't take any more money out
of your pocket so don't do it
don't waste time doing that it's toxic
thinking so hopefully i don't need to
bring up all this negativity anymore and
address any of it like this because i'm
never going to entertain it in a video
again but i want to lay the foundation
and
provide my response to
anybody that would think like this or
say this whether they're trolling
whether they are sincere whether they
feel like they've been victimized okay
you've done that to yourself if you
pushed a button and you entered trade
you did that
nobody in this community
including me chief of all of them
never told you to buy or sell anything
you're never going to have instructions
where i'm telling you to buy or sell
anything
it's always going to be study this
observe this watch this
that's that's what i'm saying
they're not code words for anything
they're specific elements of study
put your attention here watch and see
observe
is there any characteristics repeating
with the logic that i teach that's not
trading okay that's not trade advice
that's not investing advice that's not
money management advice it's just
practicing reading price action
and that's how i teach
it might not be for you
maybe you want me to drive around in
lamborghinis and and lie to you about
stupid stuff that ain't gonna work in
the market
that's just not what i'm gonna do that's
not me
i do things in the charts that make
sense
i teach it it's transferable knowledge
but you have to be prepared
to receive it
study it practice it
and endure all these times where you
look for something to be there
and it doesn't happen and then a move
takes place that you've missed
that's the test are you going to lose
your mind
because you missed a big move like today
i used to do that when i was younger
and it got me nowhere but backwards
don't
live in your losses
missing moves is a loss
taking a monetary loss in the market is
a loss
taking a demo trade that's a losing
trade that's a loss
the mental impact on that
you have control over
you can decide to amplify every bit of
that
or you can say you know what
what can i take from this
so that way i can never
be hurt this much again by it because it
will repeat
but you have to be able to condition
yourself so that way when these
knocks
and
trips and falls and setbacks when they
occur i've been here before
that way it doesn't completely derail
you
that's an important lesson and
unfortunately no one really touches that
because they all pretend that they never
make mistakes and they always catch the
runs
and i'm just not that kind of guy i'm
honest i'm gonna tell you
if that doesn't fit you again
change the channel until next time
be safe